You have been deceived once.
You're not going to be lied to again, are you?
Transfer the money first or I won't believe you.
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Will you marry me or not?
If you say no now
He will definitely use tricks to make Xu Yaohua hurt his wife again
I'll go.
All right, Mr. Zhou
I have recorded it.
If you dare to break your promise
I'll make this recording public
Let you fail
Thank you, Miss Xu, for letting me get what I wanted
Let's go, wait a minute
What about the money I want?
I will soon become the wife of Mr. Zhou's famous family
Will your money be missing?
Listen to me say sorry
You better do what you say
You are hurt.
Can't wait
I promised that Xu Yaoguang would never set foot in Harbor City again
I didn't do it.
Excuse me.
Zhou Yanqing, do you really want to yield Rong Yichen?
You don't like me marrying her
I know you did it for pity
But easy to account for
He's not a good person to pity.
You married her?
It doesn't benefit you or the Zhou family in any way.
Mortals cannot marry those who love
Rejection is the same
Is the person he loves me?